Add a guide on how to use Arrow to communicate between Hyper and Pandas (#30)
tableau/hyper-db: website/docs/guides/pandas_integration.md

pantab currently does not yet support reading `NUMERIC` types.
The query shown above works around this issue by using a `CAST`.
:::

> ## Communicate via Arrow files
> 
> You can use the [Apache Arrow format](https://arrow.apache.org/) to communicate between Hyper and Arrow.

Reviewer: I think "communicate" only makes sense you are talking about two separate systems or process, not one system and a format. Maybe like this:

```suggestion
## Importing and exporting Arrow data with Pandas

You can use the [Apache Arrow format](https://arrow.apache.org/) to import or export data between Hyper and Pandas.
```
